The things I am most proud of is my progression from no previous IT knowledge or experience to understanding IT and network fundamentals. I had in my personal development plan to focus on troubleshooting skills and methodological thinking. I feel I have delivered in some areas against this like correcting errors in syntax for different languages or in my virtual environment on VMware, issues with my repo and web server when configuring them. That being said I feel I could benefit from continuing development with this skill as I am not always approaching issues with a problem solving attitude. My confidence has improved since starting here in September but I would like to get more confident when presenting and at networking events with other apprentices/grads.
 
lewis good feedback- “Since joining BT in the summer you have grown massively! You came in with no prior knowledge and if someone new met you, I dont think they would believe you! The virtual lab you created is very impressive as well as the HTML and CSS upskilling you have been undertaking!”
lewis improve- “Don't be afraid to try things out for yourself and try and troubleshoot the issue. But dont be afraid to ask for help when needed!”

dan good- “Overall, you have been a brilliant colleague to work with, providing skills to group tasks such as html and CSS expertise and always having the interests of other colleagues in mind. You follow the digital principles and are an ally (#8)”
dan bad- “there is not anything significant that I can say you need to improve on.”


alex “Since you've joined the team you has increased your knowledge in IT considerably compared to where you were when you started. You've shown interest in all concepts of IT and even continue to learn in your own time showing initiative that you want to learn more. This is exactly what will get you ahead in the future.”
What can I improve on?
Alex Davies Avatar
“The only thing I can think of that Charlotte needs to improve on is troubleshooting methodology. But this will come with time and practice. This will really benefit you later on in your IT career.”
Any additional comments?
Alex Davies Avatar
“You've been a pleasure to have in the team and a great student when it's come to knowledge share and teaching you initially when you started. I can see you doing really well with your apprenticeship over the next few years. Keep it up!”